DOCU-3061 Custom OIDC Scope Requests (#5376)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/updates.md

## March 2023

> : Enterprise orgs can now configure additional OIDC scopes in their authorization request with {{site.konnect_short_name}}. This allows organizations to specify additional scopes they may require so that {{site.konnect_short_name}} can obtain a certain claim from their IdP. For example, the `upn` scope is required to retrieve the `userPrincipalName` from Azure.

Reviewer: Add title and update description.

```suggestion
**OIDC Configuration**
: Enterprise orgs using OIDC login can now specify additional scopes to be requested during the authorization grant flow. This allows organizations to request custom claims from their IdP. The custom claims can then be used to override the default mapping for the `name`, `email` and `groups` attributes which are used during the login flow. For example, the `upn` scope may be required to retrieve the `userPrincipalName` claim from Azure which can then be  mapped to `email` in Konnect.
```

## March 2023

> **Custom OIDC Scope Requests**
> :Enterprise orgs can now configure additional OIDC scopes in their authorization request with Konnect. This allows organizations to specify additional scopes they may require so that Konnect can obtain a certain claim from their IdP. For example, the `upn` scope is required to retrieve the `userPrincipalName`from Azure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: Enterprise orgs can now configure additional OIDC scopes in their authorization request with {{site.konnect_short_name}}. This allows organizations to specify additional scopes they may require so that {{site.konnect_short_name}} can obtain a certain claim from their IdP. For example, the `upn` scope is required to retrieve the `userPrincipalName` from Azure.
```

> : Enterprise orgs using OIDC login can now specify additional scopes to be requested during the authorization grant flow. This allows organizations to request custom claims from their IdP. The custom claims can then be used to override the default mapping for the `name`, `email` and `groups` attributes which are used during the login flow. For example, the `upn` scope may be required to retrieve the `userPrincipalName` claim from Azure which can then be  mapped to `email` in Konnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enterprise orgs using OIDC login can now specify additional scopes to be requested during the authorization grant flow. This allows organizations to request custom claims from their IdP. The custom claims can then be used to override the default mapping for the `name`, `email` and `groups` attributes which are used during the login flow. For example, the `upn` scope may be required to retrieve the `userPrincipalName` claim from Azure which can then be  mapped to `email` attribute in Konnect.
```
